Amalgamations of user data can help design programs that can assist people lead more virtuous lives. LLMs are masses of human-generated data which have been architected in such a way that they become useful. But for them to be useful for any given person, we need to give those LLMs access to individual data and guiderails for how to help users.

This program should interface with the user entirely from an Obsidian vault. The user experience will be split into three main phases. First, data collection, where the user works in a terminal environment to work with the LLM to allow the LLM to access as much of their personally generated data as possible. We must ensure that this process is only simple question and answer for the user, who is likely to be extremely non-technical. The most technical we should get is asking them for a username and password, or other similar questions. Once connections are set up, a review of the user's data should occur, with the LLM architecting, away from the user's direct access but still accessible to them via Obsidian, a networked analysis of their life and personality: which we will call "The Weave".

Once that networked analysis of their life and personality is conducted, which may take some amount of time, the LLM should begin a question and answer routine with the user. The questions should be widely varied, to all aspects of life, and the LLM should not adhere a limited number of questions as part of this. The goal is to further fill out the Weave with information that will be crucial to understanding the user's wants and needs. For example, the Weave should contain information about what the user's goals for their life are. It should cover how they think about their children or their spouses. It should indicate how they eat, what they read or watch. These topics are provided as examples of what this program should contain but this should be an incredibly creative and interesting process. The user should be astounded by the questions they are getting, both by their breadth, their depth, and their creativity.

 Now that the first two stages are completed, both a subset of "onboarding," we can move onto architecting the actual Obsidian vault in a way that will be valuable for the user. There should be a default structure to it, eg having To-Do lists. But we should make modules that attach onto the vault depending on particular things that are reflected in the Weave. If the user is an avid reader, we might attach a module for book reading where the user writes a book review and that review is automatically added to goodreads. If the user wants to lose weight, then we attach a module that helps structure workouts and meal plans. 
 
As the user uses the vault and as new user data is generated from the connections that we originally set up, new information should be added to the Weave about the user. This is where our program really stands apart. These updates and the Weave itself should prompt the LLM to think of ways that it might assist the user, small changes that it could recommend which could make their life more convenient or things that it could encourage that would make the user more virtuous. Over time, as some recommendations are accepted, the LLM might get more bold in recommending things, working with the user to build new modules or other programs that might help them.

Let's put together a cohesive plan for this, with the understanding that we will have to work through this piece by piece. Set a subagent up for each of the stages, who will examine different approaches for each stage of this process and who are able to set up their own subagents if required. Be enormously creative and rigorous in your thinking. This is a very ambitious project and we want you to be ambitious too. One of the great examples of how this works in progress is the British servant, who quietly learns about his master and finds ways to make his life better and lead him to more virtuous pursuits. We are judging virtue through the Christian lens and you should remember that as we make this plan. 